Docker Desktop 4.14.1 release notes (#16170)
docker/docs: desktop/release-notes.md

For frequently asked questions about Docker Desktop releases, see [FAQs](faqs/general.md/#releases)

## Docker Desktop 4.14.1

2022-11-17

> Download Docker Desktop
>
> {% include desktop-install.html %}

### Bug fixes and minor changes

#### For all platforms

> - Fix container DNS lookups when using Registry Access Management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed container DNS lookups when using Registry Access Management.
```

#### For Mac

> - Fixes an issue preventing "Analyze Image" button from Images screen to be working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue preventing the **Analyze Image** button on the **Images** tab from working.
```

> - Fixes a bug causing symlinks to not be created for the user if `/usr/local/lib` doesn't already exist. Fixes [docker/for-mac#6569](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/6569)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug causing symlinks to not be created for the user if `/usr/local/lib` doesn't already exist. Fixes [docker/for-mac#6569](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/6569)
```

For frequently asked questions about Docker Desktop releases, see [FAQs](faqs/general.md/#releases)

## Docker Desktop 4.14.1

2022-11-16

> Download Docker Desktop
>

> > {% include desktop-install.html %}

Reviewer 2: Should we not remove this from 4.14.0?

Reviewer 3: Also the `_includes/desktop-install.html` needs the new checksums in it.

Author: just repushed
